Fix typos AWS documentation (#2250)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/aws/pipeline.md

## Support S3 Artifact Store

> Kubeflow Pipelines supports different artifact viewers. You can create files in S3 and reference them in output artifacts in your application like below.

Reviewer: _Suggestion_

```suggestion
Kubeflow Pipelines supports different artifact viewers. You can create files in S3 and reference them in output artifacts in your application as follows:
```
